For the heuristic evaluation I stepped through each of Nielsen's
ten usability heiristics and tried to identify aspects of the app
that violate each heuristic.  For each violation I also proposed 
a solution to this problem.  After the heuristic evaluation, 
we will move on to brief user testing and then make another
iteration of the app. 

Heuristics
Descriptions can be found here 
http://www.nngroup.com/articles/ten-usability-heuristics/
these are the heuristics most often used in industry by UX designers. 


1. Visibility of system status

Problem: When querying zillow api and our databases the system hangs
         for several seconds before switching to the map.
Solution: Add a loading gif indicating that the system is doing something

Problem: Doesn't show what filters have been applied on the map
Solution: add a small div listing any filters added at the bottom of 
          the screen. Will need to figure our how to do this in a visually
          attractive manner. 


2. Match between the system and the real world
No problems were found that violate this heuristic.  No system terms were used


3. User control and freedom
Problem: User isn't able to undo filters
Solution: Make the filters applied a list in which filters may be removed.

4. Consistency and standards
Problem: Navbar doesn't display consist headings depending on where you are
         in the app.
Solution: make the navbar consistent! may need to initialize the map
          sooner.

5. error prevention
This is a big problem in general that will need to be addressed.  We have been
neglecting error detection on address enter, api response, and login. We 
will need to add error messages that display meaningful messages when 
an error occurs.

6. Recognition rather than recall
-this isn't a serious problem because of the simplistity of the UI 

Problem: still have the problem that the user doesn't know what filters have
         been applied.
Solution: same as above.


7. Flexibility and Efficiency of user
Not applicable to this project.  This heuristic is about adding shortcuts
for expert users to speed up their use of the system. 

8. Aesthetic and Minimalist design
We don't violate this heuristic in any way.  There is no irrelevant or rarely
needed data displayed.

9. Help Users recognize, diagnose, and recover from errors  
As stated above we need to add error messages with meaningful error messages
and descriptions of what to fix.

10. Help and Documentation
We plan to provide help with a system through error messages.  Documentation
of the system for a user is not necessary given that no terms or actions are
unique to the app.  All terms and actions that may be performed(such as filtering or searching) are present in many web apps. 
